# Portfolio

### Connect4 is a Connect 4 game created with HTML, CSS and JavaScript to make it playable on the website with a tutorial. It's not quite finished yet as we haven't added music and sound effect yet, but the game is playable and works the way we want it to.

### rmt stands for "Remind Me There", it's a mobile application that uses GPS and notifications to alert users in their daily life. Our application has 2 modes that send notifications to users. The first mode is set to TIME and works like an alarm clock, reminding users what they should do at the marked time. The second mode is the LOCATION mode. It uses GPS and allows users to mark the desired location, e.g. a store. When the users approach the marked location, a notification is sent to the users so that they don't forget what to do at the marked location.

### MyQuota is a project about creating a website with Django for students to apply for quotas to study. You can create a username and password for your own account and choose which subject you want to apply for. The administrator can either approve or reject the request and you can also see the status of the subjects you have applied for. I have also set up my website with pythonanywhere.com, this is the link to my website: https://peerapol.pythonanywhere.com and you can access the administrator with https://peerapol.pythonanywhere.com/admin using the username: admin1, password: 1234 and then log in as administrator, then you can see and interact with the application for enrollment with "Enrollments" button
